my name
is amaruwat anisiya ochola my mom's a
home healthcare worker
we just got to evergreen last spring
april hey well what about the guns
that's dealt with
you know that no all i know is you and
clay said you took care of it
and his trial and bryce then the falls
along with the dance last spring and now
all this stuff with homecoming bryce was
playing for hillcrest on friday night
he walked off the field and hasn't been
seen since
i think something happened to him that
someone did something to him and they
think
that someone is mean you incited a riot
and there are consequences you're the
student body president for christ's sake
you're supposed to be a role model
i just let's give tyler another chance
exactly another chance to do it again
what if no one stops him next time so if
you really want to stir some [ __ ] up and
make the student council more than just
a joke
you should run for next year's president
arnie
my mum is your grandfather's nurse
annie your captain for 2018.
zach dempsey
is tyler alone or what or i'll hurt you
he's missing i haven't heard
but we broke up like months ago zach i'm
pregnant
does bryce know no
extremely sad news from the evergreen
county sheriff
former liberty student bryce walker was
found this
you morning it was murder they do as
your outgoing student body president it
is my distinct honor to announce next
year's
president-elect jessica davis
[Applause]
i know what tyler tried to do
and i will be sorry until the day that i
die for what happened that night at your
party and
and for everything that happened after
[Music]
who out of everyone we knew
would be most likely to pull the trigger
last night instead he had a gun that he
needed to get rid of
and this morning we find out bryce yeah
jesus you don't think you would
he's been doing so well we thought so
survivors and allies only
well tyler can be an ally right tyler
yeah yeah
spring fling had always been a suicide
mission
i want to live and keep getting better
and be stronger and that's
that's why i want to give the gun away
bryce wasn't shot
there's a hole in the back of his head
so the papers guessed it was a gunshot
they were wrong
saying he was beaten we've got blood on
the ground and a dead man's car
no more leaks
steroids bryce was stealing them but you
have montgomery get it
bryce walker got it from brian why'd
bryce want it
leverage so i wouldn't talk you know
bryce from hillcrest
how'd you know monty
we met at a party we have to talk about
the mustang i'm 99
positive it's his tony told me he sold
it to help his dad's shop to a family in
arizona get that side
out bryce blocker
justice for hannah it's my family that
they're gone nice oh my god
i'll take the mustang off your hands
you're gonna have so much fun with theo
tomas entia marta right
the lawyer it was a bust
my family got deported at the end of the
summer honey because i had to sit there
as the cops show me your underwear with
bryce's [ __ ] [ __ ] on that okay right
she's you need to calm down it was just
it was something that
happened monty pulled my pants down
and he put it
in me
[Music]
either you pay me or you work no i'm not
doing that
then pay me it's 5 000
to cover justin's debt and to make sure
that you leave him alone
no i don't i don't get high anymore i
get by
i maintain i i [ __ ] you were right
about ice
i asked my mom about it my dad gave him
up
they're all your tapes
[Music]
he gripped my wrists and pushed herself
inside of me
to everyone i love
i'm really sorry about all of this tyler
i'm so sorry
uh what if maybe after the game
we could meet at the navy pier i didn't
rape him that's [ __ ] insane you
didn't violate him with a broom handle
god dude that was a joke if i hear that
you even looked in his direction
then the cops find out about tony's car
about the gun you gave alex
my name is tyler down
and i'm a survivor
my name is justin foley
and i'm a survivor i have a warrant for
your arrest for the murder of bryce
walker
turn around your hand's behind you back
i was five
my mom had this boyfriend
this [ __ ] up guy who's just getting
high with her
bryce you should know i i was pregnant
it was yours i had an abortion
i wasn't alone i had sex
[Music]
i would like to file a report i could
[ __ ] kill you
okay all right look i deserve that one
we're going to hell well i'll see you
there
he didn't kill him pricewalker died by
drowning
[ __ ] what's the [ __ ] charge sexual
assault in the first degree
and maybe murder so just let learn today
tyler down was almost a school shooter
tony padilla's family was deported
because of bryce walker's family
i'm sorry about last summer i was drunk
and really [ __ ] up
it's fine monday followed that bus as
soon as it left liberty
[Music]
you're telling me montgomery daily
cruise process of elimination
a guy who works for a local dealer
hooked into a mexican cartel
camarillo thinks i'm doing sorry it's
got there's some blood on the kid
ah here please take
a confession and an apology
it owns up to everything i did once he
looked into his eyes
you've hurt everyone i ever loved monty
realized that
the cycle had to be broken somehow
so alex would have been there for a
friend
for a friend who was maybe more injured
by bryce than he was
but montgomery de la cruz was killed in
his jail cell
just hours ago so let the dead bury the
dead
pepsi stand i raped you
i heard you say no and i did it anyway
i raped hannah baker i
i am so
[ __ ] sorry for what i did well
the sheriff and the prosecutor think
they have enough evidence to close the
case file on bryce walker
he was killed by montgomery nila cruz
oh now montgomery's dead so
case closed okay
i love you son i love you too though
i i haven't stayed clean
all this time i'm sorry
i'm sorry for lying to you guys mum
this is clay jensen we're dating
winston he didn't kill bryce he was with
me
what'd you tell him
you